Add docs for 32bits global kill (en) (#14405)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md

## MySQL compatibility

- The `KILL` statement of MySQL can only terminate a connection in the currently connected MySQL instance, while the `KILL` statement of TiDB can terminate a connection in any TiDB instance in the entire cluster.
- In v7.2.0 and earlier versions, using the MySQL command line <kbd>Control+C</kbd> to terminate a query or connection in TiDB is not supported.

## Behavior change descriptions

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

> Starting from v7.3.0, TiDB supports generating 32-bit connection ID, which is enabled by default and controlled by the [`enable-32bits-connection-id`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-32bits-connection-id-new-in-v730) configuration. When both Global Kill and 32-bit connection ID are enabled, TiDB will generate a 32-bit connection ID, allowing the termination of queries or connections in the MySQL command-line using <kbd>Control+C</kbd>.
> 
>  > **Warning:**
>  >
>  > When the number of TiDB instances in the cluster exceeds 2048 or the concurrent connection count of a single TiDB instance exceeds 1048576, the 32-bit connection ID space is insufficient and will be automatically upgraded to 64-bit connection ID. During the upgrade process, existing business and established connections will not be affected. However, subsequent new connections will not be able to be terminated using <kbd>Control+C</kbd> in the MySQL command-line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v7.3.0, TiDB supports generating 32-bit connection IDs, which is enabled by default and controlled by the [`enable-32bits-connection-id`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-32bits-connection-id-new-in-v730) configuration item. When both the Global Kill feature and 32-bit connection ID are enabled, TiDB generates a 32-bit connection ID and you can terminate queries or connections in the MySQL command-line using <kbd>Control+C</kbd>.

> **Warning:**
>
> When the number of TiDB instances in the cluster exceeds 2048 or the concurrent connection count of a single TiDB instance exceeds 1048576, the 32-bit connection ID space becomes insufficient and is automatically upgraded to 64-bit connection IDs. During the upgrade process, existing business and established connections are unaffected. However, subsequent new connections cannot be terminated using <kbd>Control+C</kbd> in the MySQL command-line.
```

Starting from v6.1.0, TiDB supports the Global Kill feature, which is enabled by default and controlled by the [`enable-global-kill`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-global-kill-new-in-v610) configuration.

> </CustomContent>

Reviewer: L68:
```
Starting from v7.3.0, TiDB supports generating 32-bit connection IDs, which is enabled by default.

Starting from v6.1.0, TiDB supports the Global Kill feature, which is enabled by default.
```
